Diffusion API docs (#1473)
NVIDIA/physicsnemo: docs/api/diffusion/noise_schedulers.rst

1. **Time-step schedule** via :meth:`~NoiseScheduler.timesteps`.
2. **Initial latent state** via :meth:`~NoiseScheduler.init_latents`.
3. **Denoiser factory** via :meth:`~NoiseScheduler.get_denoiser`.

.. code-block:: python

    from functools import partial
    from physicsnemo.diffusion.noise_schedulers import EDMNoiseScheduler
    from physicsnemo.diffusion.samplers import sample

    scheduler = EDMNoiseScheduler()
    num_steps = 50

    t_steps = scheduler.timesteps(num_steps)
    tN = t_steps[0].expand(4)                      # Batch of 4 samples
    xN = scheduler.init_latents((3, 64, 64), tN)    # 3-channel, 64x64 images

    x0_predictor = partial(trained_model, condition=condition)
    denoiser = scheduler.get_denoiser(x0_predictor=x0_predictor)
    samples = sample(denoiser, xN, scheduler, num_steps=num_steps)

Three Levels of Customization
------------------------------

Following the framework's
:ref:`design philosophy <diffusion_introduction>`, noise schedulers are
available at three levels:

**Protocol** (:class:`NoiseScheduler`) --- The minimal interface.  Any object
that implements the six required methods can be used as a noise scheduler.

> This is the right choice for fully custom forward processes (e.g.,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the right choice for fully custom forward processes (for example,
```

Author: done

non-Gaussian, non-linear, discrete).

**Abstract base class** (:class:`LinearGaussianNoiseScheduler`) --- For the
common family of linear-Gaussian forward processes of the form
:math:`\mathbf{x}(t) = \alpha(t)\,\mathbf{x}_0 + \sigma(t)\,\boldsymbol{\epsilon}`.
This base class implements noise injection, score conversion, and denoiser
construction.  Subclasses only need to define the schedule-specific quantities:
:math:`\alpha(t)`, :math:`\sigma(t)`, their derivatives, the inverse mapping,

> and the discretization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* the discretization
```
